---
slug: welcome
title: Welcome, folks
authors: brunopc
enableComments: true
---

I was contemplating for a while about creating my own blog.

I like to write, as this form of communication is still the best we have to express an idea. Yes, spoken words have been increasing in popularity since podcasting became a thing. While I agree with Jordan Peterson that [spoken words are now more powerful then ever](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dm9FaxV_RN4), written words still have advantages - they are much better indexed by web crawlers. Additionally, as you can refine them multiple times before publishing, words will always be the most precise and structured way to express an idea. This is especially useful when you're in a very detailed field like programming.

A lot of developer blogs are written solely for other developers - a blog where you can find great code snippets, tutorials and such. However, developper blog targeted for a general audiance is far more rare. I think it's an angle that deserve to be better exploited - I've seen countless exemple of miscommunication between developper, managers, HR or marketing advisors. Even though Software Engineering have been around for some decades now, I think it's still pretty immature as for the understanding of the field by related departments. There's a lot of people that are lacking some knowledge to optimise their work with software teams.

This is the beginning of a journey. I don't know where it's gonna take me but I'm pretty sure it's gonna be great!

Long live the (free) internet.